all right it's day one at the big
conference summer trip 15 it's going to
be costly earlier it is like 5:30 a.m.
and we have been up since 2:30 a.m. and
now I just waiting to get on this like
crazy big ferry we're getting to Avalon
there's some Kathleen Island for golf
asteroid 15 and we even thought another
astronomers don't you look like a tell
you it's freaking tiny oh so ungodly
aliens I moaning and like why are you
playing a video that was the longest
life yeah okay no a hundred bucks like
put mouse and then this is like oh okay
forgotten Pythagorean theorem man I'm
presenting today which is great I was
like I basically I'm presenting 12 hours
after I woke up this morning don't see
how that goes
was about punching apparently day two
day three day four day five is about
crunching as well this is gonna be
really really useful because I am
writing my thesis soon look at quenching
you know get all of the references down
we had talks on fitting fujas today and
how that relates to crunching like
compactification more compact you are
the more likely you are to replace
that's pretty cool in other news there
was hummus lots of nuts from it great
day tide day day 3 we have the morning
off and we are going scuba diving it is
a valid form of network
this conference has been really really
cool
not only like super useful and you know
I'm being really selfish because
everything's really relevant to me and
I'm I got my thesis but also like the
science presented it's been amazing and
then the discussion you get to have
afterwards you know people arguing
points and saying oh but what about this
this doesn't fit in with this idea and
this doesn't fan with this idea and it
feels like you were really on the
cutting edge of knowledge we are the
forefront of this field and I've really
got that feeling at this conference that
we really are pushing the boundaries
that's the most fun part about science
like what we don't know like I feel so
lucky to be here and just around these
people it's really cool
what did you learn at this conference
you can't do this job you see
what did you learn at this conference oh
boy
okay what did you learn at this
conference
that's the way that we think about what
these transformations is very different
depending on friendship the master so
things like what does it mean to change
to apologies I think it's very curious
I learned that both compacts spirits or
the pretenders of the reapers passive
novices in that what is the galaxy
transformation is it all morphological
also you know what do we mean by even
mechanisms like what is a mechanism is
not really focusing only on things that
actually actively contribute or galaxies
like a GN or starburst and environmental
crunching a sense of binding to a bunch
of gas or like are we thinking about
properties that affect global
populations because of very early time
physics
what did you learn in this book
there's a lot of debate over question so
I did not realize how hotly contested
punching is and I learned a lot about
the spire simulations and the low mass
the low max resolution that they're
being able to achieve kind of the
computational aspects of the simulations
and their drawbacks and improvements and
what they have been from the
and be careful about
looking at what other people think about
all the time is I've learned the time
dimension
did you learn that
do you learn this compass
I also learn about new stuff which I
really like I think it was great to have
the universe just even things that are
only a few hundred megaparsecs we tend
to forget there are actually stars in
galaxies it's good to have some rally so
people around for my disability it's
important to choose your invited
speakers carefully so that Dharma jerks
and everybody fits of having really
supported the culture has been really
great it's on this lovely yeah this is
how you make a real good conference
okay so Dave what did you learn at this
conference how many young people are
doing great work
talks were crisp
and you have to have this is more like a
workshop than a conference images
the world's best
the results most of which I was unaware
so unless you'd go to one of these
meetings it's particularly the other
like this every so often like Katy needs
to do it in another two years we can't
keep up basically a introduction driving
us anywhere
I'm a complicated you didn't know that
before
what did I learn at this conference
I learned that everyone has an opinion
or how they think the big picture will
be proving that is going to be very very
difficult
like define what you mean when you give
a talk or you write a paper because it
might be different to the view that
other people have to analyze Siders
so with that in mind finally now